[Music]
you've run from foster homes in six
counties I can take care of myself when
you're 18 give these people a chance
because that's what they're giving you
[Music]
this is billy batson next item I can
feel at home they seem nice but don't
buy it it gets real Game of Thrones
around here dude just mess around you
look at me and you're like why so dark
you're just able to foster kid you've
got it all if you could have one
superpower what would you think
everybody chooses flight you know why so
they can fly away from this conversation
no cuz heroes fly well you need your
fake family to stand up for you hey man
sorry about that
Billy Batson
I choose you
escape you
hello say my name so my powers may flow
through you but I don't know your names
through sure Sam wait for you sighs okay
Shazam
Billy you're the only person I know that
knows anything about this Cape Crusader
stuff tonight that's crazy right what
are your superpowers superpowers dude I
don't even know how to pee in this thing
[Music]
okay
why are you talking you postcards your
phone charge like a bad guy right
right over Danny
you have full immunity
wolfram you're dead sorry about your
window yeah welcome for not getting
robbed
oh hey stop I'm a superhero
[Music]